..........TERMS OF USE.........
Siinsticker fonts.
Progressive Soul (copyright) Free for personal use only.
Contact me for any commercial or promotional use to purchase a license
E-mail:siinsticker@yahoo.com

Progressive Soul fonts Family End User License Agreement(EULA)
 
Preamble
In this license.The given typeface "Progressive Soul" refer to the given zip.file,whic may contain one or numberous fonts.
This font can be of any type such as (otf,ttf,wotf) and together them from a font family
 
1.Copyright
 The given typeface is the intellectual property of Siinsticker,Sompong Pradubboot,provided it is original,and is protected by copyright.
2. Usage
 The given typeface may be downloaded and used free of charge for both person and non-commercial use,as long as the usage is not racist or illegal.
 Personal use refers to all usage that does not generate financial income in a business manner,for instance:
 -Personal scrapbooking for yourself
 -Recreational websites and blogs for friend and family
 -Prints auch as flyers,posters,T-shirts for churches,charities and non profit organizations
 Commercial use refer to usage in a business environment,including:
 -Business cards,logos,TV/Cable Broadcasting,advertise,websites,company,brand identities
 -Product,T-shirts,apparel that will be sold for money
 -Books,flyers,Brochure,posters for events that charge admission
 -Freelance graphic design works that charge admission
 -Anything that will generate direct or indirect income
3.Modification
  The given typeface may not be modified,altered,adapted or built upon without written permission by author.This pertains to all files within the downloadable font zip-file.
4.Distribution
  While the given typeface may freely copied and pass along to their individuals for private use as its original downloadable zip-file,it may not be sold or published without written permission by author.
5.Disclaimer
  The given typeface is offered "as is" without any waranty.The author of the given typeface shall not beliable for any damage derived from using this typeface.By using the given typeface you agree to the term of this license.
  this font template was created and programmed by Sompong Pradubbot(Siinsticker),Contact siinsticker@yahoo.com